Please come back
I, Shen Qingyan, don't like to live under people
Shen Qingyan, don't be ignorant, at least
So you're rejecting me?
I've made up my mind.
Very good, as expected of the person I like
But let me see what other weaknesses you have.
Is it Qile or the other members of your 316?
How dare you touch them?
Let go of the captain
Shen Qingyan, right?
In SM
You are the first person to dare to do this to me
Go away let's go
Oh, dear.
Boss, what's the matter?
Who is it? Inspectorate
I will go to Song Qiu Temple
He didn't do anything to you?
I'm fine.
Looks like I've provoked another tough opponent
How dare this tragedy attack me
Captain, calm down and shut up
Did you know he just wanted my life?
Captain, I'm not well protected
You punish me
Forget it, this time I was careless